.\"EMACS: -*- nroff -*-

.TH SUPL-PROXY 1 "version 1.0"
.SH NAME
supl-proxy \- client to show SUPL/RRLP data between SUPL client and server.
.SH SYNOPISIS
.B supl-proxy
[\fIsupl-server\fP]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsupl-proxy\fP sets up a proxy and displays SUPL / RRLP traffic
between the client and real SUPL server. It shows GPS assistance data,
such as almanac and ephemeris, and SUPL/RRLP messages received from
the server.

To use it, you must direct your client (e.g. mobile phone) to use your
proxy server as its SUPL server. In Nokia N95 this is in Tool ->
Settings -> General -> Positioning -> Postioning server. In Nokia N900
such setting is also availabe in the settings application.

You must also install a SSL root certificate to the phone. The root
certificate must be set as trusted certificate in the phone. In N95
just set all uses as trusted (in the certificate manager). In N900 you
must use command line tool \fBcmcli\fP (available in
maemosec-certman-tools package) and install the root certificate into
common-ca domain.

The proxy server must be given a server sertificate (signed by the
root certificate) and private key.
.SH OPTIONS
Optional SUPL \fIserver\fP to connect to, default is supl.google.com.
.SH OUTPUT FORMAT
Shows SUPL and RRLP traffic between the client (typically a phone or
similar device) and the SUPL server in XML-format.
.SH NOTES
.SH FILES
\fBsupl-proxy\fP expects to see SSL server certificate and key in
these current working directory. The utility program \fBsupl-cert\fP
can be used to generate these files.
.TP
.I srv-cert.pem
supl-proxy server certificate
.TP
.I srv-priv.pem
supl-proxy server private key
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsupl-cert\fP \fBsupl-client\fP
.SH BUGS
Please send any comments or bug reports to \fBtatu -at- tajuma.com\fP.
.SH HOMEPAGE
http://www.tajuma.com/supl
.SH AUTHOR
Tatu Männistö <tatu -at- tajuma.com>
